ACTUAL LICENSE FOR THIS COMMIT AND EARLIER!

DON'T DO ANYTHING WITH THIS CODE, EVER! DON'T EVEN LOOK AT IT. LOOK AWAY NOW. WAIT UNTIL I FINISH WRITING THE LICENSE. KK THX BYE

NONE OF THE TERMS OR WORDS BELOW "LICENSE" EVEN MATTER. THEY ARE NOT THE REAL LICENSE, THEY ARE FAKE WORDS, AND NOT YET AUTHORIZED TO BE LEGALLY BINDING. LOOK AWAY. STOP READING. GO FORK SOME OTHER PROJECT AND COME BACK IN A FEW DAYS.

LICENSE
=============

Author: Nathan Jervis (github username "mirhagk")
Date: November 2nd, 2013

How to read this license
-----------------------

Legal documents are a pain to navigate because they require precise and complete documentation about everything that is related. Because of this, they can easily get very long and hard to understand. This license document is hopefully crafted to be a little easier to understand. 

There are 5 sections to this license document. The first is a summary of what the license is about, this is NOT a legally binding description of the license, this is simply for convenience. If you need to know the terms of the license you must read the rest of the license. The summary should be considered to be just a quick introduction to the license. Then comes the definitions, which will define terms that will be used later in the license. Third will be your rights (as a user of the code), which will be followed by the license terms, which is what you must do in order to obtain those rights. Finally there will be a disclaimer, one of those generic all in capitals sections that basically says you can't sue me.

The definitions and disclaimer sections are pretty dry, and they are there in order to disambiguate any meaning in the rest of the license. By making the definitions long and dry, the terms and rights are able to be much shorter and easier to understand.

Summary
-------------

Basically you can do whatever you want with this code, so long as you credit me, remove my personal information and buy me a drink if you meet me. If you decide to distribute this product to end users (in any way, whether by selling or hosting) then you must either license it under this agreement, or provide a link back to my website or github page to find the original code.

Definitions:

> __person__ - Any human or other sentient being.

> __file__ - an electronic sequence of bits that's purpose is to represent some text or object. A file may be in many formats, including several different ways to represent the same text or object (for example if a file is compressed or encrypted).

> __programming language__ - any general purpose or specialized language which consists of a grammar which can be understood by a computer, or computer program to be a series of commands to be carried out, and perform some action.

> __code__ - Any document or file, or part thereof which is interpreted or compiled by another program in order to complete some actions. Code is text or bytes that conform to a valid grammar of any programming language. This includes, but is not limited to javascript source files, html source files, template files, batch scripts, deployment scripts or git control scripts. This also includes executable versions of files.

> __source code__ - Any code which is in the preferred format for editing the code. This includes any format that the author of the code used to generate any format or version. Generate in this context means generated by a computer or computer program, and not used as resources to be transformed by the author. This means documents used to plan the source code are not necessarily included (only if they auto-generated any part of the code). When trying to determine what is considered source code for any particular code, the following algorithm can be used:
    
	Step 1: Take the code, and mark any sections which were not written by a person, that is they were generated by a computer or computer program
    Step 2: For each section, find all the code required for those computer programs to regenerate the above code.
    Step 3: For the new code, go back to step 1 and continue this loop until there is no new code added in step 2.

> __binary code__ - Any code which is generated by a computer or computer program to be in a different format for any purpose, whether it's easier for a computer to understand, or in a format required by a 3rd party. All code that is not source code is binary code.

> __data__ - Any document or file, or part thereof that is not code is considered data. This includes, but is not limited to, pictures, personal information, settings as well as many others.

> __personal data__ - Any data or sections of code which include information that pertains to or describes the life, history, achievements and accomplishments of a person.

> __desensitized data__ - Any data that contains no personal data within it.

> __desensitized code__ - Any code that contains no personal data within it.

> __repo__ - Any code or data that this license pertains to, which is part of this repository or folder/directory.

> __author__ - the creator of this repo, `Nathan Jervis`

> __user__ - Any person which uses any code within the repo. Use in this case means running the code through a computer program to perform it's actions, or inspecting the code for the purpose of performing some action. Using in this context should be considered as broad as it can be, covering any possible use of the code.

> __derivative work__ - Any code that is created by a person based on the code contained in this repo. This does not include code that is generated automatically by a computer program.

> __terms__ - the conditions set out in the "Terms" section of this license.

> __copy__ - A copy is any code or data that matches, or very close closely matches the code or data in this repo, or any subset of the code or data within it. This also includes any code that is generated automatically by a computer program from this. A person must make substantial changes in order for this to not be a copy

Rights
----------

As a user, you have the right to use this code in whatever way you see fit subject to the terms below. Any use of the contents of this repo that is legal in your jurisdiction is allowed by this license, so long as the terms are met. These include, but are not limited to:

> Making electronic or physical copies, distributing, selling, re-licensing, altering, publishing, reviewing any contents of the repo.

Terms
---------

The terms for obtaining these rights are the following:

1. Any copy of this code must either include this license, or contain a reference to point users to a site that has this license, so the users may obtain the original copy. (an example of a site that will host this license is the github repository [https://github.com/mirhagk/personalsite](), or [http://nathanjervis.com/#sitelicense]()).

2. Any derivative works must reference the original work it was based off of, and link to the original license. It should also mention the author.

3. If the user ever meets the author, they should buy the author a drink, or give him some food.

4. You may not hold the author accountable for any damages caused by use of the code.

5. You may not use the personal data within this repository to refer to anyone else except the person it was written about. If the repo is going to be used to promote or talk about someone else, then the personal data must be removed that talks about the original author.

6. The personal data can't be altered except without simply removing the personal data from this repo.

DISCLAIMER
----------

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**